fix: Add documentation for Publish and PublishWIthTopic (#1175)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/application/AppFunctionContextAPI.md

    GetAllValues() map[string]string
    ApplyValues(format string) (string, error)
    PipelineId() string
    Publish(data any) error

> 	PublishWithTopic(topic string, data any) error

Reviewer: Looks like extra indentation on this line.

ctx.MetricsManager().Register(myCounterMetricName, myCounter, myTags)	
```

### Publish

`Publish(data any) error`

> This API pushes data to the Messagebus using configured topic and returns an error if the Messagebus is diabled in configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API pushes data to the EdgeX MessageBus using configured topic and returns an error if the EdgeX MessageBus is disabled in configuration
```

### PublishWithTopic

`PublishWithTopic(topic string, data any) error`

> This API pushes data to the Messagebus using a given topic and returns an error if the Messagebus is diabled in configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API pushes data to the EdgeX MessageBus using a given topic and returns an error if the EdgeX MessageBus is diasbled in configuration
```
